Fixed #35535 -- Add simple block tag (#18343)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

Templates
~~~~~~~~~

> * The new :meth:`~django.template.Library.simple_block_tag` method allows
>   creation of simple block tags, which support being passed a section
>   of rendered template.

Reviewer: Perhaps?
```suggestion
* The new :meth:`~django.template.Library.simple_block_tag` method enables the
  creation of simple block tags that can accept and process a section of
  rendered template content.
```
